OpenXC-C - C Library for the OpenXC Platform
===============================================

This library is a part of the [OpenXC][] project.

The OpenXC C library provides an alternative interface to vehicle data from the
OpenXC Platform. The primary platform for OpenXC applications is Android, but
for embedded applications , often it is preferrable to use a low-overhead
environment C.

This is a very, very early draft of a C library for accessing an OpenXC device.
At the moment it is less of a library and more of an example program for
accessing the VI without a library - it's not really much code. The example
program included is comparable to the `openxc-dump` tool from the [OpenXC Python
library](https://github.com/openxc/openxc-python) although without nearly as
many features or flexibility. The C libray is most useful for running on
embedded platforms (e.g. a DSRC radio) that don't have a Python runtime.

Getting Started
===============

Run the bootstrap script to grab the dependncies:

    $ script/bootstrap.sh

Compile:

    $ make

Run the test suite:

    $ make test

Run the data dump tool:

    $ make
    $ openxc/tools/dump

Dependencies
============

* libusb
* cJSON (linked from this repository as Git submodule)

Requires the 'check' C library to build and run the test suite.

The simplest way to

## OpenSUSE

* `check`
* `check-32bit`
* `check-devel`
* `libusb-1_0-devel`
* `libusb-1_0-devel-32bit`
* `libusb-1_0-0`
* `libusb-1_0-0-32bit`

License
=======

Copyright (c) 2014 Ford Motor Company

Licensed under the BSD license.

[OpenXC]: http://openxcplatform.com
